9.	The two heritage location pages can be about two significant venues in Sri Lanka with significant heritage value. 
•	these two pages must have identical HTML 
•	the HTML pages must have at least the following
o	a main image
o	at least one other image 
o	at least 3 sections
o	a header and a footer
o	a navigation section with appropriate links
•	each page must link to a separate CSS 
•	each page must be styled in a totally different way to demonstrate that the same HTML can have a different appearance dependent on the CSS
•	each page must have at least one animation

*kandy
1st section
Why visit Kandy?
KANDY IS SRI LANKA’S SECOND LARGEST CITY AFTER COLOMBO, 
BRIMMING WITH A FASCINATING HISTORY, RICH CULTURE, SPECTACULAR BEAUTY,
 AND OLD-WORLD CHARM.

2nd section
Travel to Kandy
Lush forests, sprawling mountain ranges, the meandering Kandy Lake, known as the Sea of Milk,
 and an array of distinguished colonial building and magnificent Kandyan inspired 
architecture completes this Medieval City. This beautiful, laidback capital is only 
72 miles (115 kilometres) inland yet boasts exceptional cultural and historical
 attractions, set amidst forested hills. Known as a pilgrimage destination for 
the Temple of the Tooth Relic (a sacred tooth of the Buddha), a listed UNESCO 
World Heritage Site, Kandy is a sacred city, due to the importance and spiritual 
significance of this temple. It is also known for the vibrantly festive Kandy
 Esala Perahera, also known as the Festival of the Tooth, an important 10-day 
religious celebration each August. Lying at an altitude of 1 640 feet (500 metres)
 above sea level and surrounded by the Knuckles and Hunnasgiriya Mountain Ranges,
 the temperatures around Kandy are slightly cooler and conditions more pleasant
 than in the lowlands. An important and established Buddhist site, Kandy was
 formerly known as the city of Senkadagalapura. It served as the last capital 
of the Sinhalese kingdom before falling to the British in 1815.

3rd section
Points of Interest in Kandy

Stroll amidst the stunning Botanical Gardens in Peradeniya and marvel at exquisite orchids

Wind your way around three gorgeous temples including Embekke, Lankathilake and Gadaladeniya,
 and chat with the locals in fragrant tea stalls

View the Temple of the Sacred Tooth Relic (a sacred tooth of the Buddha), a revered site
 for holy pilgrims

Explore the serene War Cemetery revering the lives of those lost in the war,
 and the older Garrison Cemetery honouring the men, women and children buried 
far from home.

footre
https://www.andbeyond.com/advice/asia/sri-lanka/kandy/why-visit-kandy/