9.	The two heritage location pages can be about two significant venues in Sri Lanka with significant heritage value. 
•	these two pages must have identical HTML 
•	the HTML pages must have at least the following
o	a main image
o	at least one other image 
o	at least 3 sections
o	a header and a footer
o	a navigation section with appropriate links
•	each page must link to a separate CSS 
•	each page must be styled in a totally different way to demonstrate that the same HTML can have a different appearance dependent on the CSS
•	each page must have at least one animation


* sigiriya
header-Sigiriya Rock Fortress Sri Lanka
1.images-https://pixabay.com/photos/search/sigiriya/

1st section
Sigiriya Rock Fortress Sri Lanka
What is Sigiriya ?     
Sigiriya is an ancient rock fortress and palace built by King Kashyapa during the reign 
of 473 – 495 which is standing majestically 660 feet straight up. It is located in the
 northern Matale district near the town of Dambulla in central province of Sri Lanka. 
The word Sigiriya or the Sinhagiri means the Lion’s Rock where you have to climb up 1200 
steps before you reach the Lion Rock Fortress on top of Sigiriya

2nd section
History of Sigiriya Rock Fortress 
Historical research carried out at the site has brought to light evidence to show that
 the origins of Sigiriya date back to pre-historic times. Situated at the base of the 
Sigiriya rock of its eastern side, is a monadnock named Aligala (Elephant Rock). In a 
cave underneath this, excavation have revealed remains of pre-historic human settlements
 that existed here around 5,500 years B.P. In addition, there is evidence of 
human habitation in this area, as far back in history as the 9th — 10th centuries B.C. 


3rd section
Sigiriya Rock Fortress FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) 
What is Sigiriya Famous for?
Sigiriya is a best-preserved ancient rock fortress and one of the archeological treasure in South Asia. It’s a masterpiece of ancient urban planning / landscape & architecture / construction technology /exceptional hydraulic engineering & management / ancient fine art with unique harmony between nature and human imagination. Thus UNESCO declared this site as a World Heritage 

Who Built the Sigiriya rock?
A Sri Lankan King Kashyapa built the famous Sigiriya lion rock 

How many steps are in Lion Rock Sigiriya to climb?
Approximately 1,200 steps are to be climbed to the summit. 

What is the height of the lion rock sigiriya?
Its 660 Feet from surrounding plain 

Is it hard or danger to climb lion rock Sigiriya ?
Its is not danger to climb but make sure you are healthy enough to climb 1,200. 

Can senior citizen climb Sigiriya lion rock fortress?
Yes people do and you may take time and climb. There are places for you to take rest and climb. 
We suggest you to keep senior citizen in nearby restaurant and climb. Also you may let them to visit the Sigiriya museum close to the main gate. 

Can I climb lion rock with my infant or kid ?
Not recommended but people do climb with kids like 8 Y and above. 

Opening time of Sigiriya lion rock for visitors ?
7.00 AM to 5.00 PM

Entrance fees for lion rock Sigiriya 
30 USD per person / Foreign 
15 USD per person only for SAARC Countries nationals (Need to submit the passport to get this discount) 

What is the best time to climb Sigiriya lion rock?
Ideally in the morning 8 – 10 Am or 3 – 5 PM to avoid hot sun 

What is the temperature of Sigiriya lion rock ?
Approximately 27 – 30 C 

Can I buy Sigiriya lion rock entrance fees ticket online ?
Not yet as of now but this will be online soon

What is the dress code for Sigiriya Lion rock?
Sigiriya is not a temple or any religious place and you can wear your own dress. 



footer-images taker from -
Reference 
•    CCF – Central Cultural Fund Sri Lanka 
•    SLTDA – Sri Lanka Tourism Development Authority 
•    SLITHM – Sri Lanka Institute of Tourism & Hotel Management 
link(https://www.ceylonexpeditions.com/sigiriya-rock-fortress-sri-lanka#:~:text=Sigiriya%20is%20an%20ancient%20rock,central%20province%20of%20Sri%20Lanka.)


*